# All Pairs minimum cut
This project was created as part of "Algorithm implementation technologies" subject in Computer Engineering &amp; Informatics Department (CEID) of University of Patras. It involves the solution of the "All pairs minimum cut" using the BOOST library.

The aim of this project was to implement an algorithm for solving the problem of "All pairs minimum cut" which algorithm is based on the following paper 
- [AMO93] R. Ahuja, T. Magnanti, J. Orlin, "Network Flows", Prentice-Hall, 1993. We make use of the `BOOST` library in `C++` language.

The above algorithm describes the minimum cuts between any two pairs of nodes i and j in a graph G(V, E), where V is the set of nodes, E is the set of edges and i, j ∈ V. If each edge contains a non-negative value, which we call capacity, then we define the minimum cut-off between the pair of nodes i, j as the minimum sum of capacities, which divides the graph G, into two seperate graphs G1(V1, E1) and G2(V2, E2), for which it holds that i ∈ V1 and j ∈ V2 or i ∈ V2 and j ∈ V1. The paper on which the implementation is based manages to reduce the problem. In particular, it states that it is not necessary to individually search each pair nodes (getting all possible combinations on the graph), but we can create a second graph T, which will be a tree and will be called separator tree, which will contain all the information about the minimum cuts between all combinations of nodes on its edges.

This tree stores in its edges all the information about the minimum number of cuts between all combinations of nodes. The way we read this information is as follows.
- For any pair of nodes i and j within the Ttest tree, the value of the minimum cutoff is the smallest edge that lies within the path from i to j. For example, the value of the minimum cutoff between nodes 1 and 2 is equal to 8, while the value of minimum cut-off between nodes 1 and 3 is equal to 3. As is evident, the solution of the above problem using separator trees is more efficient, since we can now keep memory for the values of the minimum cuts, for any fixed graph (therefore we run the algorithm only once). and then we simply always read the separator tree).
